<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<?xml-stylesheet href='assets/css/glossary.css' type='text/css' media='all'?><html xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:ibooks="http://www.apple.com/2011/iBooks" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title>Glossary</title><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="assets/css/glossary.css"/></head><body><dl><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary1.xhtml">Coding</a></dt><dd><p id="d1-p0" class="s2">Coding is telling a computer what to do.</p><p id="d1-p1-1">&#xA0;</p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary2.xhtml">Developer</a></dt><dd><p id="d2-p0" class="s2">Developers write code to build their own apps and games.</p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary3.xhtml">Command</a></dt><dd><p id="d3-p0" class="s2">Command is a specific action for the computer to perform.</p><p id="d3-p1-1">&#xA0;</p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary4.xhtml">Sequence</a></dt><dd><p id="d4-p0" class="s2">Sequence is the order in which the commands are given.</p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary5.xhtml">Debugging</a></dt><dd><p id="d5-p0" class="s2">Debugging is the process of identifying and fixing the error.</p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary6.xhtml">Bug</a></dt><dd><p id="d6-p0" class="s2">A bug is an error in your code. </p><p id="d6-p1-1">&#xA0;</p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary7.xhtml">Call</a></dt><dd><p id="d7-p0" class="s2">Telling a program to run a function.</p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary8.xhtml">Composition</a></dt><dd><p id="d8-p0" class="s2">The process of combining small parts of a program to solve a larger problem.</p><p id="d8-p1-1">&#xA0;</p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary9.xhtml">For Loop</a></dt><dd><p id="d9-p0" class="s2">Runs a block of code over and over for a set number of times.</p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary10.xhtml">Function</a></dt><dd><p id="d10-p0" class="s2">A collection of commands grouped together and given a name. The set of commands can then be run with just the name of the function whenever that set is needed.</p><p id="d10-p1-1">&#xA0;</p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary11.xhtml">Logical operator</a></dt><dd><p id="d11-p0" class="s2">A symbol or words like &#x201C;and,&#x201D; &#x201C;or,&#x201D;and &#x201C;not&#x201D; that connects two or more Booleans to make conditional decisions more specific.</p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary12.xhtml">Boolean</a></dt><dd><p id="d12-p0" class="s2">A value that can only be either true or false. </p><p id="d12-p1-1">&#xA0;</p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary13.xhtml">Conditional code</a></dt><dd><p id="d13-p0" class="s2">A block of code that will run only if something is true. The "that" must stay in the definition.</p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary14.xhtml">Condition</a></dt><dd><p id="d14-p0" class="s2">Something you test that results in true or false.</p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary15.xhtml">While loop</a></dt><dd><p id="d15-p0" class="s2">A loop that runs a block of code as long as a given condition is true. When the condition is false, the loop stops running.</p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary16.xhtml">Pseudocode</a></dt><dd><p id="d16-p0" class="s2">Pseudocode is an informal description of code or a concept that&#x2019;s intended for human reading.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2 c1"><a href="glossary17.xhtml">Algorithm</a></dt><dd><p id="d17-p0" class="s3">An algorithm is a step-by-step set of rules or instructions.</p><p id="d17-p1-1">&#xA0;</p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary18.xhtml">Variable</a></dt><dd><p id="d18-p0" class="s2">A variable is a named container that stores a value. The value can change over time. </p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary19.xhtml">Type</a></dt><dd><p id="d19-p0" class="s2">Type is a named grouping of properties (the features) and methods (the behaviors) of a kind of data.</p><p id="d19-p1-1">&#xA0;</p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary20.xhtml">Initialization</a></dt><dd><p id="d20-p0" class="s2">Initialization is the act of creating a new instance of a type, which includes setting initial values for any properties of the type.</p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary21.xhtml">String</a></dt><dd><p id="d21-p0" class="s2">(text): A type that stores a series for characters, such as &#x201C;hello world.&#x201D; </p><p id="d21-p1-1">&#xA0;</p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary22.xhtml">Int</a></dt><dd><p id="d22-p0" class="s2">(numbers): A type that stores an integer&#x2014;a number that has no decimal, such as 10 or -42</p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary23.xhtml">Bool</a></dt><dd><p id="d23-p0" class="s2">(true or false): A type that stores a value of either true or false.</p></dd><dt class="s1 c1"><a href="glossary24.xhtml">Parameter</a></dt><dd><p id="d24-p0" class="s2">The ability to provide extra information for a function to do its work.</p><p id="d24-p1-1">&#xA0;</p></dd></dl></body></html>
