<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<?xml-stylesheet href='assets/css/glossary.css' type='text/css' media='all'?><html xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:ibooks="http://www.apple.com/2011/iBooks" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title>Glossary</title><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="assets/css/glossary.css"/></head><body><dl><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary1.xhtml">Build</a></dt><dd><p id="d1-p0" class="s3">Build means &#x201C;assemble all the parts into an app.&#x201D;</p></dd><dt class="s1"><a href="glossary2.xhtml">Run</a></dt><dd><p id="d2-p0" class="s2">To begin the execution of code. To launch or open an app is to run it.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary3.xhtml">Comment</a></dt><dd><p id="d3-p0" class="s3">A piece of text in a source code file that doesn&#x2019;t get compiled as part of the program but provides context or other useful information about individual pieces of code.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary4.xhtml">Playground</a></dt><dd><p id="d4-p0" class="s3">A type of file in which you can change and play around with Swift code directly in Xcode and see the immediate results.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary5.xhtml">Results sidebar</a></dt><dd><p id="d5-p0" class="s3">Area within a playground where you can see the results of evaluating code in the source editor.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary6.xhtml">Assignment</a></dt><dd><p id="d6-p0" class="s3">An action that sets the value of a constant or variable.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary7.xhtml">Assignment operator</a></dt><dd><p id="d7-p0" class="s3">The = symbol used to set the value of a constant or variable. For example, greeting = &#x201C;hello&#x201D; sets the value of the variable greeting to &#x201C;hello.&#x201D;</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary8.xhtml">Autocompletion</a></dt><dd><p id="d8-p0" class="s3">A feature of Xcode that infers what you&#x2019;re trying to type from context and provides suggestions.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary9.xhtml">Camel case</a></dt><dd><p id="d9-p0" class="s3">The use of capital letters to indicate the beginning of a new words within multiword product and code names that do not use spaces or punctuation between words. Examples: QuickTime and viewControllerDidLoadRequiredFiles</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary10.xhtml">Constant</a></dt><dd><p id="d10-p0" class="s3">A named container that stores a value that can&#x2019;t be changed.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary11.xhtml">Characters</a></dt><dd><p id="d11-p0" class="s3">Unicode letters, numbers, and symbols.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary12.xhtml">Escape character</a></dt><dd><p id="d12-p0" class="s3">In Swift, the escape character in a string literal is the backslash `\` character. The escape character indicates that whatever follows it in the string will take on an additional meaning.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary13.xhtml">Quick Look button</a></dt><dd><p id="d13-p0" class="s3">In a playground, clicking the Quick Look button displays a result&#x2019;s value in an appropriate representation. For example, viewing the value of an image constant or variable as an image.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary14.xhtml">Escape sequence</a></dt><dd><p id="d14-p0" class="s3">In Swift, an escape sequence begins with the escape character. An escape sequence allows one or more characters to be used for purpose other than their typical use. For instance, the escape sequence of a backslash followed by a quotation mark changes the meaning of a quotation mark in a string from &#x2018;mark the end the string&#x2019; to &#x2018;insert a quotation mark character into the string&#x2019;.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary15.xhtml">String interpolation</a></dt><dd><p id="d15-p0" class="s3">The process of inserting string representations of constants, variables, literals, and expressions into longer strings.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary16.xhtml">Attributes inspector</a></dt><dd><p id="d16-p0" class="s3">An inspector used to customize visual attributes of a user interface element in a storyboard.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary17.xhtml">Image view</a></dt><dd><p id="d17-p0" class="s3">Displays a single image or a sequence of animated images in your interface.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary18.xhtml">Project navigator</a></dt><dd><p id="d18-p0" class="s3">Part of the Xcode workspace window that displays all the files in your project.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary19.xhtml">Simulator</a></dt><dd><p id="d19-p0" class="s3">An app in Xcode that simulates the behavior and appearance of running an app on a device.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary20.xhtml">Storyboard</a></dt><dd><p id="d20-p0" class="s3">A file that contains a visual representation of the app&#x2019;s user interface, showing screens of content and the transitions between them, that you work on in Interface Builder.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary21.xhtml">Default answer</a></dt><dd><p id="d21-p0" class="s3">A predesignated value or setting used by a computer program when a value is not specified by the user.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary22.xhtml">Modulo</a></dt><dd><p id="d22-p0" class="s3">An operation that finds the remainder after one number is divided by another.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary23.xhtml">Comment in</a></dt><dd><p id="d23-p0" class="s3">To comment in is to add &#x201C;//&#x201D; before a line of code to tell the program to ignore the rest of the line and not to affect how the code is run. </p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary24.xhtml">Coding</a></dt><dd><p id="d24-p0" class="s3">The act of composing commands, code structures, and algorithms to create a computer program.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary25.xhtml">Comment out</a></dt><dd><p id="d25-p0" class="s3">To comment out is to remove the &#x201C;//&#x201D; in a line of code to implement how the rest of the line of code is specified. Also known as &#x201C;uncomment.&#x201D;</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary26.xhtml">Concatenation</a></dt><dd><p id="d26-p0" class="s3">The operation of joining two strings together.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary27.xhtml">Conditional code</a></dt><dd><p id="d27-p0" class="s3"><span class="c1">Code that runs only when specific conditions are met. For example, </span><span class="c2">if statements</span><span class="c1"> and </span><span class="c2">while loops </span><span class="c1">contain conditional code that runs only </span><span class="c2">if </span><span class="c1">or </span><span class="c2">while </span><span class="c1">a condition is true. </span></p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary28.xhtml">Declaration</a></dt><dd><p id="d28-p0" class="s3">A piece of code that creates something new in your program, such as a function, constant, variable, or custom type.</p><p id="d28-p1-1">&#xA0;</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary29.xhtml">Device</a></dt><dd><p id="d29-p0" class="s3">For purposes of this guide, &#x201C;device&#x201D; refers to iOS-enabled hardware: iPhone, iPad, iPad Pro, and iPod touch.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary30.xhtml">DNS</a></dt><dd><p id="d30-p0" class="s3">Abbreviation of Domain Name System, a protocol within the set of standards for how computers exchange data on the Internet.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary31.xhtml">Editable</a></dt><dd><p id="d31-p0" class="s3">A line of code that can be changed and is not fixed.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary32.xhtml">Encapsulation</a></dt><dd><p id="d32-p0" class="s3">A language mechanism for restricting access to some of the object components and/or a language construct that facilitates the bundling of data with the methods of operating on that data.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary33.xhtml">Interpolation</a></dt><dd><p id="d33-p0" class="s3">An estimation of a value within two known values in a sequence of values.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary34.xhtml">Main interface</a></dt><dd><p id="d34-p0" class="s3">The primary view of how a coder interacts with a computing platform to create a piece of software.</p><p id="d34-p1-1">&#xA0;</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary35.xhtml">Manipulation</a></dt><dd><p id="d35-p0" class="s3">The ability to alter, edit, or change the constructs of text or data.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary36.xhtml">Navigator area</a></dt><dd><p id="d36-p0" class="s3">The area on the left side of the workspace window that lets you access your projects and workspaces.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary37.xhtml">Operator</a></dt><dd><p id="d37-p0" class="s3">A symbol, such as +, -, or &amp;&amp;, that represents an action on one or more values. For example, in 1 + 2, the addition operator (+) adds the numbers 1 and 2. </p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary38.xhtml">Pseudocode</a></dt><dd><p id="d38-p0" class="s3">A human-readable description of an algorithm, usually written using a mix of everyday language and code. </p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary39.xhtml">Scene</a></dt><dd><p id="d39-p0" class="s3">A storyboard representation of a screen of content in your app.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary40.xhtml">String</a></dt><dd><p id="d40-p0" class="s3">A type that stores a series of characters, such as &#x201C;hello, world&#x201D; or &#x201C;dancing kittens.&#x201D;</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary41.xhtml">String parsing</a></dt><dd><p id="d41-p0" class="s3">The process of analyzing a string of symbols.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary42.xhtml">Swift</a></dt><dd><p id="d42-p0" class="s3">An open source programming language developed by Apple that&#x2019;s used for writing iOS apps for iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch, and Apple TV. </p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary43.xhtml">Target</a></dt><dd><p id="d43-p0" class="s3">The instructions for building a finished product from a set of files in your project, for example, a framework, library, application, or command-line tool. Each target builds a single product.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary44.xhtml">Unresolved identifier</a></dt><dd><p id="d44-p0" class="s3">An error displayed by Swift when a name is not specified properly.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary45.xhtml">Value</a></dt><dd><p id="d45-p0" class="s3">A value is an expression which cannot be evaluated any further.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary46.xhtml">View</a></dt><dd><p id="d46-p0" class="s3">Objects that support drawing and event handling in Cocoa.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary47.xhtml">Xcode</a></dt><dd><p id="d47-p0" class="s3">An Integrated Development Environment (IDE)&#x2014;tightly integrated with Cocoa and Cocoa Touch&#x2014;where people can build apps for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, and Apple TV.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary48.xhtml">Xcode project</a></dt><dd><p id="d48-p0" class="s3">Contains the source files, libraries, media, and other resources needed to build a software product, such as an app. </p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary49.xhtml">Source editor</a></dt><dd><p id="d49-p0" class="s3">In a playground, an area where you type in Swift code and view inline Quick Look views.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary50.xhtml">Function</a></dt><dd><p id="d50-p0" class="s3">A named set of commands that can be run whenever needed.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary51.xhtml">Asset Catalog</a></dt><dd><p id="d51-p0" class="s3">A tool to manage assets like images that are used by your app as part of its user interface.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary52.xhtml">Calculation</a></dt><dd><p id="d52-p0" class="s3">A mathematical determination on the size or number of something.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary53.xhtml">Error</a></dt><dd><p id="d53-p0" class="s3">The occurrence of an incorrect result, visually displayed in Swift by a red error symbol.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary54.xhtml">Unicode</a></dt><dd><p id="d54-p0" class="s3">Unicode is the standard for digital representation of the characters used in writing all of the world&#x2019;s languages, providing a uniform means of storing, searching, and interchanging text in any language.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary55.xhtml">Case</a></dt><dd><p id="d55-p0" class="s3">How a word is capitalized, for instance: upper case, lower case.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary56.xhtml">Iterate</a></dt><dd><p id="d56-p0" class="s3">To perform repeatedly.</p></dd><dt class="s1 s2"><a href="glossary57.xhtml">Variable</a></dt><dd><p id="d57-p0" class="s3">A value that can change after it has been initialized, indicated in Swift by the var keyword.</p></dd></dl></body></html>
